I mean business wise
of course
I need you to help me destroy Jack completely
and I wanna make sure you get something in return
you know you scratch my back
I'll scratch yours really
that's it so you just wanna scratch my back
nothing more
nothing more I don't think I can
I'm sorry Nathan it's okay
you got a deal
good good
I'll have someone contact you to set up a meeting
but I think
we should aim to announce it at my mother's birthday
ball next week
next week how long have you been planning this for
long enough do you trust me
not on a scooter but yes
I'll be there be don't worry
how's the missus
seems like I was just overthinking
really was just transactional for
and it's not for you
I'll be damned
the great Nathan Forbes is in love
shut up and get me drunker